Hypothesis 1: 
Reviews that express understanding about reasonable expectations for the hotel's star rating and price point are more likely to be truthful. Reviews with unrealistic expectations or unfair comparisons are more likely to be deceptive.

Hypothesis 2:
Reviews written in a neutral, constructive tone are more likely to be truthful. Overly emotional reviews with strong negative language are more likely to be deceptive.

Hypothesis 3:
Truthful reviews focus more on objective details like cleanliness, comfort, location, etc., while deceptive reviews use more subjective language about emotions and impressions. Deceptive reviews focus less on objective details.

Hypothesis 4:
Reviews that describe unusual, unexpected, or atypical experiences (both good and bad) are more likely to be truthful, while cliched experiences are more likely to be deceptive."

Hypothesis 5:
Reviews that compare the hotel to other hotels the reviewer has stayed at are more likely to be truthful. Reviews without comparisons to other hotels may be deceptive.


1) Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time. The location is great, the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms. The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink. Didn't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute, Cultural Centre & Macys. Staff were friendly. Would recommend it as a base to tour the city. 

2) Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help. 

3) I stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. We just wanted to stay in downtown Chicago. This hotel is right next to John Hancock building. Walking distance to many shopping, restaurant, and everything else. From valet people to front desk people, they were all very friendly and helpful. The best thing about this hotel (other than the awesome location) is that all rooms are suites. You can choose 1 king or 2 double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area. You get 2 TVs also. The roof top pool over looking Michigan lake was lovely also. 

4) My husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended!

5) I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.

6) We were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills. Our room was such a pleasant surprise, from the flat screen TV, the full size shower with rain showerhead & hand held shower wand, the wall attached toilet with flushing options (on the wall), the comfortable bed, the lovely lighting options, etc.. The size of the room was snug, and very comfortable, as would be, in a historic hotel. It was also quiet, and I know that the hotel was sold out. My sister was in the room next door. We did not hear her TV. We also loved walking less than a block, to the shopping and restaurants on North Michigan Avenue. 

7) If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia!

8) Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.

9) My son & I joined my husband on a work trip. We planned to swim while he was working. We overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in. Though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at 630 pm. We gave up & went out for the evening. We had a very noisy sleepless night. We weren't facing MI ave, but still heard sirens and I'm not sure what the other noise was, but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about 20x an hour throughout the entire night. I called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open, so my (very excited) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction. Upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew's actions & on my insistence she said she'd look into it. A gentleman called back an hour later & said the pool should open at 5pm...it was 9am. It is now 6pm & we still haven't even seen the pool. We check out tomorrow. We passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to "swim in Chicago." Needless to say we are VERY disappointed.

10)  The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.

11) My wife and I were guests at the Hotel Allego in Chicago for a long weekend getaway (September 2 - 5, 2011). We had checked out the hotel's website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip. Once we arrived, the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy. When I asked to be moved to another room (my wife has asthma) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time. The room was not particularly well-cleaned: we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor, and a film of dust across the television set. We are not the type to complain, so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it. At nighttime when we tried to sleep, we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin, every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly. We were tossing and turning half the night. In the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day, but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated: a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack. The concierge was almost never around in the lobby (her sign always said "Be right back!") and when we did ask her questions, she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us. The second night was without incident, luckily, except for the terrible bed, but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our "Do Not Disturb" sign. I would not recommend this hotel.

12) I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location, but things went downhill in a hurry. The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds, they told me that "only king bed rooms were available at the time", and there was nothing they could do about it. The room itself was a nightmare. It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement. There was also a huge problem with my television, in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so. I complained about these problems, but very little was done. The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets, but the quality was only marginally improved. Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel, but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel.

13) Don't let the website fool you. I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago on my last business trip, and this was probably one of the worst 4 star hotel I've ever stayed at. The website makes the place look like a 4 star hotel but it's more on par with a 2 stars or 3, if you want to be generous. First off, the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture. The room that I checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls, and the carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed since god knows when. Since I was only staying one night, I decided not to ask for a different room- although I don't know if asking for a different room would've made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk. When I arrived, there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement, no prompt service. I had to wait about 3 minutes although I was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me. And no, they weren't talking about hotel matters. I'm not a difficult or an especially picky person, and who doesn't chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for 3 minutes shows serious lack of professionalism. Do yourself a favor, and go stay at the Marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for.

14) We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. 

15) Under the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.

16) On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, i was very disappointed. I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area. From the look of the website, my expectations were above average. I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale. Upon my arrival, i checked in. I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room. As i was settling into the room, I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness. I noticed spiderwebs in corners, and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. Also, it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room, however, it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement. I, as a guest should not have had to call down, these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in. I found the restaurants on site to be crowded, loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal. I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items. Overall, my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area, I will chose another hotel for my stay.

17) This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money. First of all the parking prices are exorbitant. I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high. Also, the service at this hotel was poor. I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general, and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us. In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet. Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you. I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House.

18) I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.

19) We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure. 

20) I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago. The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it. The room was absolutely stunning! First of all, it was so spotless and clean. The design of it was beautiful! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even. The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor. There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available. There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too. The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly. I didn't have any problems at all but if I did I'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge! I can't wait to go back to this hotel. It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation! 