1) I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business, but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it! The accommodations exceeded my expectations. My bed was very comfortable, the room was big enough, and the shower was so relaxing. I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J's express. The fitness center was clean, and inspiring. I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area. 

2) Hard Rock Hotel is a must to visit. No matter what city your in Hard Rock Hotel is the place to stay. Filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining. This Hotel is the place to be. Great views in every location, especially Chicago. The service is incredible along with the food and decor. The Hotel staff will help you feel right at home, no BETTER than home :)

3) I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.

4) Ideal location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief, they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor), you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however, this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh, and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.

5) took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included, paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice, workout facility was great. room has current decor, but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge, she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us. 

6) Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.

7) We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river. 

8) Truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . Rooms are small, dirty, and in no way represents the web sites representations. Staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment. At best it is a 3 star facility ands with so many options in Chicago, "please" avoid this one. I had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms.

9) My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city. 

10) I booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover, I did not hear a single "I'm sorry", it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think, nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do, since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say, since this never happened to me before, also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good, however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again.

11) If you are ever going to visit Chicago and need a place to stay I recommend this hotel. This hotel made my stay in Chicago one that I will always remember. The rooms were very big and luxurious, everybody was friendly and showed a fabulous display of customer service. The room service always got there when they said it would and it was nice because it was 24 hours so I could get anything whenever I wanted. The price of this hotel for my stay was unbeatable especially because I got great service and I saved a lot compared to the rates of other hotels in the area and their two restaurants were exquisite. If you are ever going to be in the Chicago area and need a hotel to stay in I recommend this hotel!

12) The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property, given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast. Unfortunately, I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for. While the lobby was gorgeous (and appears to match the photos on the website) the room I was assigned was run down, and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website. It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls, but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty. The room also smelled of must or mildew. While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised, it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg. I was only here for a single night, but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund. Please, if you're staying in this part of town, do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here. The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby, clean, and often have special-offers -- these aren't the only properties in the area, but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay.

13) I haven't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service. I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental, but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel's "Cyber Monday Special". The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website, the hotel will match that amount in "James Credits" that can be used toward your stay. None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits. My next trip to Chicago is in April, so I thought I'd give The James a try. I travel frequently with my pet and I've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy. So today I went online and bought a $500 certificate. Me, having the one track mind that I do, somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31, 2010. I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament. I said I couldn't be in Chicago until April (I'm overseas on business until then), and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month, or it not, refund my gift certificate purchase. I had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn't even recieved my email confirmation yet. Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period. The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying "too bad, it's your problem now". She didn't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all. So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James, I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel, or try Hotel Monaco. I hear they have great service and are good with pets too.

14) This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk. 

15) The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago! 

16) My husband and I made a reservation at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, for a much needed weekend getaway. We took off work early Friday to beat traffic. Once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking. We drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel. Upon checking in we were informed that the floor, where our room was located, was in the process of having the carpets cleaned. We decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation. We took the elevator, which smelled like urine, up to our room. We did see some carpet cleaning machines, unattended, in the hallway. I hoped for the sake of safety, no children were staying on this floor. We walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine. The overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us. We called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms. He rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings. Just then, the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and I could not hear anything else my husband said. We decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel. It was an awful experience.

17) Often visit Chicago, but this was my first stay at this location. Was able to secure a good rate through travelzoo. Thought the room was clean and was nicely decorated. Was very disappointed in the service. Stayed on a Saturday night - waited 20 minutes for extra pillows - called for 15 minutes but found out the third shift crew came in 20 minutes late. Also received an incorrect folio under my door(another guests that was staying at this location). I called the front dest to inform them of the error - and they explained that this was made in error and would be corrected. I opened my credit card statement and found that I was charged for three different rooms - one on the date of my visit and two a week later. I called the hotel and guest services took the information and forwarded to their accounting department. Received a message to call the billing department, have called three times - but have not received another reply back.

18) The pictures on this website sure are deceiving! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning! Now, granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip. It wasn't! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don't even drink, no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time, so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip. We had to spend $50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we'd planned! And then it wasn't as good because the tour guide wasn't there and we got lost! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one. It was terrible! I certainly won't be staying here again!

19) The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.

20) This is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler. It offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined. With a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace, they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague. The restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client. And all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown Chicago
